Why did you bring me here?
I heard about the engagement here
Nothing to do with me
Tell me something
Sister Chen Yao is even more ruthless than I thought
Ji Zhenrou tries on a wedding dress
He's too busy trying on wedding dresses
One set is too time consuming
You applied for the same as him.
Just for my engagement with Zheng Rou to go ahead as scheduled
Do me a favor.
A child as young as Guoguo still has a high fever
And you called me here?
Make a wedding dress for your fiancee
How is your majesty
You still care about me, right?
Why didn't you see it before?
So confident
With the total resources of Xiaojiang
There were so many women along the way
Surely you can find someone who fits the bill better than me
Pieces are also more cooperative
Why do you have to choose me?
Because I just can't get used to it
You look like you're dying
If you don't want to
I gave the opportunity to someone else
If you don't cooperate
Then there is no need
Did you ask someone to take the dog to the doctor?
I want it of course I want it